# Clippad
An online clipboard-cum-notepad hosted on Google App Engine
 Clippad is a small web application that can be used as an online clipboard-cum-notepad. Create a profile and you can store your clip-board items or small notes here. You can access your notes from any of your devices connected to the internet - like you desktop, mobile phone or a tablet.This also enables you to transfer clip-board items from one device to another - for instance, copy a contact or account number from your desktop, put it as a clip-item in your Clippad account, and you can access it from your phone to be pasted as text in any of the apps; Or the other way round.There are control buttons to select and copy or edit your text-clips. No need to install any separate application; All you need is a good browser with JavaScript support.

Creating a Clippad profile is very easy! Just sign-up providing a few basic details (No contact information required; Just your name and new user credentials). Bookmark the login page with your credentials saved in your browser, and you can access all your favorite text clips/notes in a flash from anywhere! All the text clips/notes that you enter are stored after encryption (with a key derived from your password, which itself is stored only after hashing). The only details visible at the back-end are your user id and name. So your profile is totally secure here.

For each note/clip you can enter an optional title. The UserClips page displays the title of all the clips stored. But the copy button copies the clip-content and not the title. If a title is not entered for a note the first line of the note-content will be taken as the title and shown in the listing.

This application was developed by Rajesh Ramakrishnan. Please contact me @ rajesh.helloworld@gmail.com if you face any issues with this or have any suggestions for improvement. 
